{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green115\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c53333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Description of paradigm: 
\b0 Pain calibration, and comparison of thermal pain and romantic rejection during fMRI imaging.  Pain and rejection assessments done pre- and-post treatment.  There are two treatments: 1) A placebo treatment, which consists of a saline nasal spray with instructions about efficacy and side effects. 2) A training in psychological distancing \
\

\b Stage of preparation:
\b0  Published   <published, in prep etc.>\
\

\b Publications: \
\
Primary publication:\

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Kross, E., Berman, M. G., Mischel, W., Smith, E. E., Wager, T. D. (2011). Social Rejection Shares Somatosensory Representations with Physical Pain. Proc Natl Acad Sci, 2011 Apr 12,108(15):6270-5\
\

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Data also used in:\

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Wager, T.D., Atlas, L.T., Lindquist, M.A., Roy, M., Choong-Wan, W., Kross, E. (2013). An fMRI-Based Neurologic Signature of Physical Pain. The New England Journal of Medicine. 368:1388-1397\
\
Woo, C.W., Koban, L., Kross, E., Lindquist, M.A., Banich, M.T., Ruzic, L., Andrews-Hanna, J.R., Wager, T.D. (2014). Separate Neural Representations for Physical Pain and Social Rejection. Nature Communications.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Koban, L., Kross, E., Woo, C.-W., Ruzic, L., & Wager, T. D. (2017). Frontal-brainstem pathways mediating placebo effects on social rejection. The Journal of Neuroscience.\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Software/hardware used: 
\b0 E-prime. Pain instructions are for Medoc TSA-II (changes are required for newer hardware versions).\
\

\b Software needed to run: 
\b0 E-prime\
\

\b References and sources for stimulus materials:
\b0   < if any >\
\
}