This repository contains the compassion and charitable donation task descibed in Study 2 of Ashar et al. 2016 Emotion.  As described in manuscript, "Participants listened to 24 randomly ordered biographies describing true stories of suffering individuals, such as orphaned children, adults with cancer, and homeless veterans (see Supplemental Material for examples).  Biographies were created from factual information posted on charity websites and recorded by one member of the research team as audio segments 26 to 33.5 s in duration.  An authentic face photograph of each individual, also drawn from the charity website, was displayed while participants listened to that individual’s biography.  The individuals described in the biographies were balanced on age (child or adult), race (Black or White), and sex.  Real stories and photographs were used to increase ecological validity.
Charitable Donation Task.  Participants were given an option to donate a portion of their own experimental earnings to each of the 24 biographies, from $0 to $100 in $1 increments.  Before they donated, participants were presented with an abbreviated audio-recorded “reminder” of each biography (8 - 11 sec). To encourage participants to make independent choices on each trial, they were informed that at the end of the experimental session, exactly one of their donations would be randomly selected, subtracted from their endowment, and donated to the organization that had helped the individual described in the biography ($2,800 was donated to charities as part of this study).  Both the biography and donation tasks were completed in a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) scanner; fMRI data will be presented in a separate manuscript."

The audio biographies are provided in Audio.Biographies/, and the accompanying face photos are in the photos/.  Video (.mp3) files that play the audio while displaying the face photograph are also publicly available at https://canlabweb.colorado.edu/videos/<target name>.mp4, i.e., https://canlabweb.colorado.edu/videos/anne.mp4.  Please contact Yoni Ashar for these files as downloading them from that site can be tedious/difficult.

In most cases, the name of the audio and photograph files are identical or very similar.  There are some exceptions to this.  The exact mapping is provided in EPrimeScripts/imageListFMRI*.txt

To run the EPrime scripts, first move the Audio.Biographies/ and photos/ directories to be under (i.e. subdirectories) of the EPrimeScripts directory

Contact Yoni Ashar at yoniashar@gmail.com with any questions.
